Studio 10 write up

Your TA's name:



Students in your studio group:

    Name        Student ID (begins with a 4)
	
1.John Hooker		450839
2.Michael Jesser	450499
3.Arvind Radhakrishnan 438235
4.
5.
6.



Part A

A1. Why do sad and happy appear as they do? Why is happy indented? What are the parent, left-child, and right-child relationships between happy and sad?
	Happy is the right child of sad

Modify the code in the main method so that some string appears above sad, indented as much as happy.
	yeaboi
	
A2. What string did you use?
	"yeaboi"

In the numbers that follow, find the first and last entries in the tree that is shown (on its side, as discussed in lecture).
	First - 50
	Last - 247

A3. Is the first number always the first line to be shown in such a display?
	No
	
A4. Is the last number always the last line to be shown?
	That's a negative 

A5. Why do we need addHelper?
	Much like the reason we need hamburger helper - 
	Makes sure there isn't one long line of numbers and the tree actually behaves like a tree

A6. Why is it private instead of public?
	It only gets called within the add function 

A7. Does the code actually remove the node containing the value to be removed? If not, what is actually happening?
	It sets it to null

A8. Why does the code fail to execute properly?
	The color class does not implement comparable

A9. Why does eclipse not report a problem when you try to create a BST of type Color?
	Just making the BST doesn't compare anything, but calling the add method throws an error by trying to compare two colors 

Part B


SortedSetUsingBST (random input)

B1. What behavior do you see in the output? You will likely have to rely on ticks rather than time, because the times are so fast.
	We see nlogn ticks 

B2. What behavior did you expect to see, and why?
	We expected to see nlogn ticks becasue we are good students who understand what is going on 

SortedSetUsingBST (sorted input)

B3. What behavior do you see in the output given the sorted input?
	Exponential 

B4. What behavior did you expect to see, and why?
	The array is sorted smallest to biggest and the tree is supposed to be sorted biggest to smallest.
	
SortedSetUsingUnorderedList

B5. What behavior do you see in the output when a sorted set is implemented by an unordered list? Adding to the list should be quick, so why are we seeing these times?
	n^2
	
B6. What behavior did you expect to see, and why?
	It runs through the entire array and then runs through the entire list








